restructure quota mgmt docs (#5181)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/accounts/quotas/manage-attachments-quota.mdx

keywords: ["best practices"]
sidebar_order: 30
description: "Learn how to use the tools Sentry provides to control the type and amount of attachments that you pay for."
---

Sending all your error attachments to Sentry may consume your quota too rapidly, so we provide tools to control the _type_ and _amount_ of attachments that are stored.

Applying the proper filters, SDK configuration, and rate limits is an iterative and on-going process, but these tips will show you how to get the most out of your error events. These tips are ordered from easiest or least time-consuming to most challenging or potentially time-consuming. The first three options are all things you can do in [sentry.io](https://sentry.io), whereas the remaining one is something you'll do in the SDK.

## Before You Begin: Check Your Quota Usage

You can look at your attachments in aggregate in the "Usage Stats" tab of **Stats**. This information will help you answer key questions about the breakdown of your incoming attachments or which projects are consuming your quota. The answers to these questions can help you figure out where you need to do further fine-tuning of your SDK filters and configuration.

> This page is accessible to all members of your organization, so a Billing or Owner member can share this page with the developers directly responsible for a given project. Also, you can come back to this page to assess if the changes you've made are having the desired effect.

Author: ```suggestion
This page is accessible to all members of your organization, so Sentry org Owners can share this page with the developers directly responsible for a given project. Also, you can come back to this page to assess if the changes you've made are having the desired effect.
```

## 4. Size Limits

Sentry imposes limits on various fields within an event, as well as the size of full events and the requests they are sent in:

- Events, attachments, and requests exceeding payload size limits are immediately dropped with a `413 Payload Too Large` error. Sentry allows compressed content encoding, and applies separate limits before and after decompression.
- Fields exceeding the individual size limits are afterwards trimmed and truncated at a best effort.

To avoid using up your attachments quota — whch is based on size and not number of instaces of attachments data sent — or having the event dropped entirely, consider limiting the size of values passed into Sentry's APIs. For example, if your application attaches application state or request bodies to Sentry events, truncate them first.

The precise limits may change over time. For more information, please refer to the following resources:

> - [Envelope Size Limits](https://develop.sentry.dev/sdk/store/#size-limits)

Author: ```suggestion
- [Envelope Size Limits](https://develop.sentry.dev/sdk/envelopes/#size-limits)
```

> - [Store Endpoint Size Limits](https://develop.sentry.dev/sdk/store/#size-limits)

Reviewer: Are these two links intentionally the same?

Author: Good catch! Fixed
